Date: 06/10/2020
Team Lead: Benjamin Armentor - benjamin.armentor1@louisiana.edu    
Members:
* Joseph Stevens - joseph.stevens1@louisiana.edu
* Gerald Eaglin - gerald.eaglin1@louisiana.edu
* Dallas Mitchell - dallas.mitchell1@louisiana.edu
* Nathan Madsen - nathan.madsen1@louisiana.edu
* Andrew Durand - andrew.durand1@louisiana.edu
* Thomas Poche - thomas.poche1@louisiana.edu
* Bradley Este - bradley.este1@louisiana.edu

# Project Boards
## Media: https://github.com/CRAWlab/RoboBoat-2020/projects/1
## Code: https://github.com/CRAWlab/roboboat/projects/1


# RoboBoat System Design
## Mapping and Navigation System Design
### Team Lead: Nathan Madsen
#### Additional Members
1. Benjamin Armentor

As of 6/10/2020, Kyle has resigned from his temporarily fill-in position due to increased workload. Nathan will be taking over as lead on this project, as part of his summer deliverables.

## Controller Design
### Team Lead: Benjamin Armentor
#### Additional Members
1. Gerald Eaglin
2. Thomas Poche
3. Nathan Madsen
4. Dallas
Details of this are included Ben's team report for this week, but we have a mostly-working-with-dummy-values ACADO MPC controller that makes a few assumptions about the model. Some other nodes that feed into this one from the nav stack need to stop crashing in order for this to receive messages to test.

The controller receives a set of velocities from the `move_base` node based on `base_local_planner` and the ROS nav stack and tracks those velocity set points. The position states are Euler-integrated, since `move_base` only provides velocity commands in a `Twist()` message. We may need to run the nav stack mapless and adjust the configuration accordingly, but still have obstacle detection and feed those images into a state machine.

Gerald is working on the state machine, along with Dallas, when he's available. I do not have any details from him aside from he's been experimenting. We will need to create a single state machine for the entire run; he was under the impression we could have 1 per task, and drive between tasks manually. I corrected this misunderstanding in the meeting Tuesday.

## Enclosure Design
### Team Lead: Joseph Stevens
#### Additional Members
1. Bradley Este
2. Thomas Poche
3. Benjamin Armentor

Joseph and I updated the CAD models on Saturday, along with the website. We have the new enclosure from Hammond MFG in SolidWorks. I was going to ask him today (6/10) for some measurements, but he said he'd get back with me in like an hour. I didn't hear from him again today, so I guess something came up. I'll message him tomorrow. I know you provided some feedback on the CAD model for things to change. I haven't heard what these are, or an update on how they're coming along.

I also asked him to upload to OwnCloud.

## Other
> ***BA*** Andrew has not really contributed to any of these three things, even sitting in calls. He's usually working at the time meetings are. He has temporarily resigned from his regular lab duties on my team.

# Long-term planning
## Upcoming Paper Deadlines
### RoboBoat Paper: June 21, 2020
> ***BA*** I (Ben) will write up a draft of this based on the current state and/or future direction on Saturday, 6/13/2020.

### RoboBoat Team Video and Presentation: June 28, 2020